yo yo yo what is going on YouTube it is
your boy Pat proverbs hear from one in
gaming throwing up those heavy fucking
ones and we've a lot to talk about in a
four minute 42 seconds in you first
things first this is the results of the
giveaway but I there's some things that
are way more important and giving away
wherever this box of gum went with the
nice little bow on it that I have a 12
Hertz effective gaming gum giveaway
which the turnout wasn't great on I mean
people there was only 26 total comments
with 14 people dif different people
entering but anyway let's talk about the
gameplay first this is my first game of
infected on xbox 118 person with the new
weapons they've added the MSBs the mts
ah the fucking stupid fucking riot shit
whatever the fuck else and honestly the
PDW the only one worth playing the lynx
is pretty fun but the only one weren't
playing is the MSBs happens to me on
siege and whiteout are the only two maps
oh and octane I've seen it on to have
not seen oh and prison break so for for
the maps in the infected rotation have
the MSBs or the chance to have the MSBs
on it and I suggest playing all of them
because it really makes this game so
over-the-top unfair and absolutely it's
just such a monster of a gun that it's
it's just unfair and infected especially
with all the Christmas noobs since my
first game it is a chem it is on siege
it is with the MSBs it is infected it is
they also added specialist if you pay
attention in the bottom right corner you
will see that there now now that that's
over with I only 2 minutes and 40
seconds to say what I want this video at
the time of the filming it is roughly
around 11 33 I am on january second
that's good enough for me on closing it
the turn out like I said wasn't amazing
but you know what guys we have a ton of
the ship we can possibly give away like
i said i have 2 360 controller sitting
in the box one's a voodoo mods one is a
scuff those are for 360 that's these are
some of the goodies I have left we like
to reward our subscribers and give back
to them for supporting us I find that
it's only fair being is you know we ask
you to take time in your day and watch
our videos the least we can do is give
you something in return anyway without
further ado actually one more thing for
our announce the winner the next video
you guys will see will be uploaded on
the fourth or fifth I'll be working on
it today with my boys sin one end you've
seen two of his triple chems um and I'm
really excited for this it's going to be
a recruitment challenge video for people
playing on the xbox 360 and xbox one
platforms one of gaming's looking to
expand our roster at least two to three
players that's all the details I'm going
to announce at this present like I said
the criteria that needs to be met along
with some of the other details like how
you're going to enter what type of game
plays were looking for stat lines team
play personalities all that will be
covered in the video I'll be working on
today and it won't be uploaded until the
fourth of the fifth but like I said get
ready for that as well and i have about
a minute 20 seconds here before this the
big bomb goes off and you'll see I'm
playing my buddy esco he goes down like
shortly here and getting ammo is the
biggest bitch about look at the kid just
like sitting it looked like he crapped
his fucking pants or something anyway
guys uh so I I really want to thank
everyone who participated in our
giveaway like they said we're going to
be doing more of them we like giving
back to the gaming community as a whole
it's only right um but the way I picked
the winner was just YouTube deletes
comments so for people who entered
actually aren't even in the comments
section anymore I don't know why but
it's good because I just assigned
everyone a number um as they just love
watching this game foot as they enrolled
or commented on the video so the winner
of the a12 gaming gum
or whatever you want to call it which
will be doing more of is Joshua brew it
um and his original comment was baby
dolphin nipples so I don't know what
that means exactly but I'm a man of my
word if that's what you wanted to
comment that's all you had to comment
and this video is winding down guys so
like I said they'll be an RC video
coming up the fourth or fifth that'll be
our next video Joshua brew it can brew
it congratulations and guys for anything
and everything one nation gave me keep
it tuned right fuckin here people we
love you all thank you for the continued
support and will do more giveaways in
the future I promised a fucking
beautiful people take a tease